The Year 2005
"Graduation Ceremony is this weekend", "AVAILABLE Entries"
"Graduation", "Weekend", "Don't Forget to Buy Your Tickets"
- Hello Melody...
- Hello
Look, I know...
We've known each other for some time
... And also
We live on the same street......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
And you know that in 4 days
I'm sure the prom is in 4 days
Oh, my God
You're not asking me to go to the dance with you.
truth ?
Damn it, no, no
No, just... I mean
You're probably going with someone else
Sorry, I don't know how to say this in a good way
There's no way to say this carefully, you're a fucking nerd
And you know, she's hot
Look at it, look at it
I see it, I see it, see you later
See you later
Well, my friend, a good talk
classic idiot
Greg Jenko to the Office of the Director
I told you loud and clear
If you didn't improve your grades, you wouldn't go to prom >
You my friend will have to pay the broken dishes
Who I pay that,
you're not going to the graduation ceremony
You will be lucky if you are able to graduate
But I'm going to be the king of the prom
I'm glad you had so much fun at school
But you haven't learned anything
ouhhh, shit
Seven years later
Metropolitan Police Academy
"Make sure your form is correct, and advance
Not so Slim Shady, how are you?
"Jenko, Schmidt touches you
son of a bitch
You're good at fighting - Yes, I am
Metropolitan Police Academy - entrance exam
This is bullshit
you're good at this
if I am
Let's be friends ?
"Let's go, "faster, faster"
I'm telling you now, that's not a crime
see that's a crime;
Let's go get up
Let's go
faster
clear
Let's go
Yes
Let me see
Good
foot
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you graduates of class No. 137
Are you ready to start a life as a fucking cop
fully prepared
I thought this job was going to have more persecusions and explosions
And less tramps doing it all over
You really think this is a police matter
Picking up their frisbee ?
Look for your fucking frisbee
Shit, shit
Yours is downloaded true?
We're supposed to download them first, right?
No, that's not fun
The banner says don't feed the ducks
is right there
No, don't do it, no, stop
You did, you gave them food
Do you think it's a big deal?
Cannot be
Gang Wen Bersenters
Considered to be one of the largest drug traffickers in the region >
If we could stop them as our first arrest we would no longer ride a bicycle >
- You see what I see?
- cannabis sativa.
- haka Khan.
Shot.. Shotgun
Gentlemen, are you having a little party?
Have you forgotten that marijuana use is illegal?
I have... Glaucoma
And I get nervous in crowds
Herpes
Then you won't mind if I register your bike,no?
Further,you won't find shit!
Get up!
- Calm down Gringo!
You guys are even real cops?... you look like kids on Halloween.
If they're cops, I'm DEA
-Jaja... Very funny
It's fun; because they don't show us a little respect.
-Poddle,pig!
Ey, do you want your whistle to start?
-Would you like to start my whistle?
I'll rip out your whistle with both hands... let's do it!
<What he means is that he's going to hit you so many times in your genital area that your penis is going to fall off.
Why do you have this on your bike?
- That's actually a drug
Hey come here!
-What do I do?
-Chase someone!
Someone, fine. Hey, you want to leave your bike here?
Very well
Come here, you're only making it worse for yourself... out of my way!
Stop! I'll shoot you if you don't slow down!
Hey! Come here!
I'm not playing anymore!
Come here!
I have to... I have to...
Stop, stop! I'll shoot you, stop!
Stop!
Para!
You're a faggot.
Give me your hands
You have the right to suck my dick a little bit more
Hurt my elbow
What do you think now, I've got your ass!
Schmidt, we have one!
<We've got one! I've got it!
- Yeah! yeah!
We have it
Fuck you!
What happened now!
Now the town can be quiet! Whooo!... What's up? What's up?
Congratulations on the arrest, guys, you did great
-Thank you Cinnamon!
- She's new?
The department had to drop the charges...
because they forgot to read you your rights
What's the reason they didn't do the one thing they should do...
To arrest someone?
I read you your rights, e.g. I read you a version of your rights
Do you even know the rights?
Let's see, let's hear it now
no... you have many things to do...
No on the contrary, you have to go somewhere Schmidt? we have time.
I have a commitment that I can probably postpone
Are four sentences followed by a question
...for a total of 75 words
well... is... obviously starts with "you have the right to remain silent"... you have heard that...
You have the right to an attorney
Ah, yes; you still have the right to remain an attorney
Did you say "do you have the right to be an attorney?
Well you have the right to be a lawyer if you want to
I was... I was chasing my perpetrator
And how did it go with that? In fact...
- The... the...
Honestly? he ran away; but he pushed me pretty hard and actually fucked my elbow pretty bad >
Yes? Can I see that?
If, in fact, it hurts because the earth got into it
We're reviving an undercover police program from the '80s'
Adapting it to our times; you see, the guys in charge now lack creativity and are completely devoid of ideas.
And all they do now is recycle shit from the past
and hope we don't notice.
One of these programs
One of these programs requires the use of young and immature agents >
What do you mean is that you are going to involve us with a circle that uses minors as sex slaves?
Sir, if I have to suck someone's dick...
I will
I just prefer not to
That's great, where do we report?
Jump Street, 37 Jump Street
no, that doesn't sound right
This has got to be a joke
It's here
Church of the aroma of Christ?
How's it going?
This is a rare place
Are they all comfortable?
If
Get your fucking asses up when I talk!
you will go undercover as high school students
You are here simply because you look young...
the captain is cool
- I know what you're thinking, an angry, black captain
..is nothing but a stupid stereotype.
But guess what motherfuckers!
I'm black!
And I broke my ass to be the captain
But sometimes I get angry
so suck a dick!
What I want to show you is that they accept your stereotypes
Like this guy here, the cute and probably dumb guy
And this other one, it's low and insecure and probably good with money
Well you are good with money
Well I... I didn't get a letter or anything.
- Of course not even start training...
Get your teen asses back!
The number one rule On Jump Street.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Fugazi!
Don't be expelled
No one in the system knows they're here
Ok, no one, if they are expelled from school; they are expelled from this unit
The second rule... Barnes
Don't get emotionally involved with students or teachers, Sir!
You heard that!
That's you! Don't do it, man
Keep that dirty dick in your pants
Don't fuck the students, don't fuck the teachers
Sir... I know we look like a couple of seducers...
but I promise you that we will be super professional in service
Clearly not talking to you, big tits!
This big, handsome son of a bitch, when I talk to him I talk to him; when I say shut up I talk to you >
Hello Billy Anwilliam
I bought these...
What everyone is talking about now
It's a new synthetic drug, it goes by the name of HSA
Oh fucking hell
Did you put this on the Internet?
"The first phase: laughter"
"The second phase: travelling badly!"
"Phase III: excessive self-confidence"
I don't know what your opinion is, if she will go to the dance with me but I know the answer is yes
"The fourth phase: Oh yes son of a bitch!"
I could see this guy all day.
- Man this boy is the most!
At best, his parents found him unconscious in his room, but he died
Whatever I take in the lab they've never seen
Sir, I just wanted to say that I would care if it was black
For now the drug is contained, only at the Sagan school
But once it comes out, it will become viral in a few days.
Jenko, I've seen your file
And I enrolled you in a bunch of crappy courses
as photography and drama
Go in with the popular kids and find out who sells this shit
Schmidt, like you were a virgin in high school.
- Does it say that in there?
No, I just assumed, due to your many years in the honor corps and your membership in the nerds' club >
It's a service to the community... but it's okay, it's okay...
They're stealing equipment from the chemistry lab and we think they're cooking the drug with it
I enrolled you in advanced chemistry
These are your new identities
Well, Brad and Doug McQuaid
The mission is this...
infiltrate sellers and find traffickers
Will we be siblings?
- infiltrate sellers and find traffickers
What if we find the traffickers first, don't we have to worry about the sellers?
- Damn it; infiltrate the sellers and find the traffickers
Hello Korean Jesus
I don't know if you only care about Korean Christians or if you even exist; no offense
...I just...
...I'm just scared
about going back to high school
It was so difficult the first time
But Korean Jesus, I really don't want to shit this
And excuse me for insulting so much
the end? I really don't know how to end a prayer, the end?... yes...
Stop fucking with the Korean Jesus!
You don't have time for your problems! You're busy,
with Korean shit! you two go to your mom's house, ASAP
They are teenagers now
You two will stay in the Schmidt house during this assignment
Mother whore
Wow, your house is adorable
My baby
Come here, you'll always be my baby
I'm happy to see you
Hello family, shock the five Mr. Schmidt... You did everything yourself, it's amazing
is beautiful
- Oh, also you
Oh sweetheart I forgot to tell you
changed the air mattress in your room because it was not appropriate; now we use it as a gym >
I hope you don't mind
No, no, please don't touch that
We just brought it from Sedona
We can get rid of this...
You look like you've been killed in a car accident, and you haven't gotten over it
If we take it out we will not be able to continue bragging about you
I look like Fred Savage in Wonder Years
He was naked and wearing Indian bracelets
It's a great picture!
You look like a young Jay Leno
Was she wearing underwear?
No!
If I remember, because I told them to go to therapy like a thousand times >
Here, for example, it's a fourth grade participation medal, in soccer
It's literally a medal for stinking
On the contrary, it is a medal for trying
Let me tell you something, this guy
Always tried
Oh must be aunt liz
Mom, you shouldn't tell the whole neighborhood
I told you it's a covert mission
Covert, that's so cute
ahhh, I'm going to my room
Ok, I just want to say that we are very happy that you are here >
Thank you
Where is it?
- you are in your room
Needs rest and then will have time to see you
...Yo... le hornee le muffins
You have to enter character or we will be ruined
These identities are garbage, they say I repeated a year
You did it, you repeated two years
Just because it's a fake story doesn't mean it doesn't hurt my feelings
Damn, the averages don't combine
I have to start over
First day of school, I must look amazing
You know in those days you were super popular and I wasn't that popular
We didn't do well in high school
You don't think that will happen again? no?
No
Come on, man, we're adults and best friends
We're fine
- Great
Beautiful day out children
Shut up
Anything you say can be used against you in court
You have the right to an attorney
If not, we can...
hey you still don't know the rights? you're a cop
Come on man, they always cut them on TV before they finish
Well, let's do it
Hey, what are you doing?
Why?
- you have both bands on
From the backpack? yes
- I can't be seen with you
you must carry only one
Seriously, don't wear it, it's better than wearing both >
Ok, what makes you the expert
- Well I was the popular guy
Well that makes sense
The three keys to being popular...
by Jenko
Don't try too hard on anything
Two, mock those who do try
Three, you bet
Fourth, if someone bothers you the first day, you hit them directly in the face
Fifth, drive a terrible auto
Shit
Seizure lot
Ok, but don't drive it like teenagers speeding up the engine and shit like that
We? never, let's go!
Give us a little credit
Are you ready?
- if
That's amazing, that was incredible
... Have you seen how?
- now I
let's start
- Ready!
Are you okay?
I think I shit my pants
Hey, everybody wears the clothes.
- Just wear it with a
I can't, I can't.
What do you do, don't succumb to pressure
You're supposed to wear both
No, listen to me
Those are gothic
These nerds
I don't know what those are
I'm so confused now!
Wow
Hello
- Hey, Baby
Hey, yo
Is that your car?
Yes? What does that give, 5 kilometers per liter?
- No, more like 3
How are you?
- Bio diesel, man
Smells like fried eggs
We use leftover oil for frying
But now we try to come by bike when we can, avoid the global crisis
Whatever man, I don't care about anything.
- Don't you care about the environment?
That's fucking man
- Hey why don't you shut up, I'm trying to study >
Look at him! He's trying!
I was trying... . What an idiot!
Look at him, look at that fool
- Who are you calling nerd?
I'm sorry, what?
Man shit
What the hell, are you serious?
- What's with the gay music?
Did you hit me because I'm gay?
What? no...
- That's not good
Is insensitive
Don't hit him because he's gay, hit him...
.. and turned out to be gay afterwards.
<I was gay when you hit me!
- In a rare way it would have been homophobic not to hit him .
You hit a little gay guy in the face and it's not even the second period
How do they explain that?
... . Mr. Dyder, I'm sorry, what's going on is that I...
- I'm going to be honest...
This is weird, guys
You now appear with 30 days of remaining classes causing problems at my school
I'm less than a black gay guy hit in the face of a nervous breakdown
Am I clear?
If they do something wrong or come back to my office, I will expel them
Well let's do this, which one of you is Doug?
Let's do it again and pretend you're not weird, which one of you is Doug?
No man soy Brad
- All right, that means you're Doug
Yes, I'm Doug
- Great
But you as the drama idiot, much less surprising
Thank you... Now we have the identities changed, you idiot
I'm in drama, I stink in drama, it's for girls, ridiculous.
- Oh my God, relax, I'll fake my time in science >
for a few weeks
- AP science, it's AP science and no, you can't; because you don't know what the fuck it's called.
It'll be fine, you go to my classes and I'll go to yours!
Chemistry is that with the glasses and that shit?
So today we will have auditions for the role of Peter Pan>
Anwilliam would have wanted the show to continue
When I was a young actor starting in New York... the state, Albany to be exact
Participated in television commercial
...I played the role of a young man...
- It's a shame what happened to that boy >
... was talented
- What you're saying is it wouldn't have been so sad if he hadn't been talented?
No, no, no... Isn't that what I meant
I was just kidding
Ok, well
I remember once consuming cocaine with Willie Nelson's horse
And </ b>
We were having such a good time, but then I realized he was dead>
... I also remember a summer...
- Boys still take that thing.
After what happened to that student?
Everyone says Billy was a drug addict
Everyone I know does it, but it's not mine
...It's not mine either, but...
A friend of mine really wants it, who would you call to get it?
You can tell your friend that it's not difficult if you want it
"Drugs ruin your life"
"But the place is full of it" </ b>
"This is an example of professional representation" </ b>
Thank you
- For nothing
"Seeking to be connected"
Listen sir text message
Since you have so much to say to Molly
Let's see if you can beat our current Peter
I think you can have a little Peter inside of you
I can't, I'm fine being a tree or something
Doug, you can never know what you can get...
before getting it
My point is, you must do it. Everyone should audition for Peter
Yes, insurance
... My favorite molecule is water...
... I would marry her only to my daughter...
... Its solid form floats in its liquid form, which makes it out of the norm...
Formed life on ancient Mars
And you use it to wash your car, H2O
Water, thank you </ b>
Thank you Zack </ b>
Well done, does anyone else want to participate?
It's time for the questionnaire with prize
Oh sorry, what's your name? Brad
- Yes, Brad
How big; What's a questionnaire with a prize, is a test
Where the first to finish takes a certificate of purchase
ten dollars
Today's exam is about...
- You look very old...
did you repeat or something?
- No, you're super young, did you repeat forwards?
But I went to school in France and there I lost two years
French, the language of love
That's wonderful, I'm glad to meet you too
<-==- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
...I'm the smartest...
Ok, maybe...
try to be cooler
and fast
and stronger and better and less insecure
Meeting in Yearbook Room, in 5 minutes
Well, they're great tips, I'll be out, use them and I'll be back >
Oh, you're fast
Not like this, let me see you; I mean, let me see your exams. I mean, I'm gonna correct your answers.
Can I go shit?
Yeah, okay, that's fine
But we have a policy of hurrying..-
And if you don't come back 6 minutes, I'm going to have to send you to the Director's Office
Rules are rules
So it has to be a fast
Where is it? - I don't know
- around here? - I don't know
So you guys huh?
It was a misunderstanding that happened earlier...
Yes, and he feels horrible
Are you the seller? Are you the seller?
- Is that you?
if
<And you do this thing?
- Do I look like a goddamn scientist? Not only do I sell it >
If he only sells it
- No, no, sorry
How much do you want? 20 dollars each dose
We want one each
You are not anti-narcotics no?
Wow, no, no
- Dude how? Maybe you're the cop
Do you know who calls the police people? The police!
Your argument falls by its own weight>
Because if you call us anti-narcotics
means you are one
- Of course you say cops call cops and you do...
I'm tired of this shit, do you want to do it or not?
Certainly, yes
- no problem
Take it here to know you're okay
I'm sorry, I didn't hear </ b>
we were going to take him home.
- I have to go back to class
I was thinking about going home, turning off the lights, getting a little weird
- And I wanted to take it in my room, masturbate after >
wasn't asking, take it and go
I have to finish the volleyball team page before lunch
Yes?
Yes, it's all right
ahh, taking drugs at school
...Open the envelope and then put them in your mouth
There you have it, that's all.
What's that? Barbecue flavor?
Have fun
We have to take them out
We have to vomit
I can't
- you have to, we can die. Think of something unpleasant
I can't think of anything
-Well, for example, your grandmother's vagina and...
y... there is a penis...
What the fuck man?
- I don't know, just try
Alone, let's put our fingers in each other's throat
No.
You will not put your dirty finger in my mouth
- You want to die, what do you want to die?
Well, let's go!
Dale!
What are you trying to make me have an orgasm? Just stick your fingers in
I don't know, I never did.
- Just put it in!
What the fuck?
Is it me?
- I'm sorry, I just can't sometimes.
I'm not sorry
- Neither do I
There, wo wo
Do you have a pass to run through the runners like a pair of sissies?
You have it in your hands
Shit, you're late, I have to take you to the director
You have exceptional muscle tone!
At what age did you enter puberty? At seven?
You look like you're in your veititantos!
McQuaid, Doug McQuaid, I read your file, you have something special there
Damn you, what the fuck is that? Don't raise your hand to me like that again; I consider that a threat >
I was just saying I'm Doug
He's brad - You're the new guy who beat the whole county on track?
Yes, this is Doug McQuaid
the star of the track
and he is Brad, the prodigy of Science
"The first phase: laughter"
Is this funny to you?
"The second phase: travelling badly!"
So you are Doug... You're Doug... You..
Here's the thing, my team is full of physically disabled
If I wasn't your coach I'd be shitting myself laughing at how spastic they are
But I am, so I need you
In the 4 x 400m  stroke
If you sign is pass
Don't blow on me, son
I haven't trained.
- Friends, don't make me take you to the principal's office >
Do we agree </ b>
If
Great
I don't like that, put your tongue in your mouth
What are you doing? Stop
In fact that's not bad!
Well, here you have
Are you high?
Good
-...a titanium particle reacts with the flow capacitor and becomes a radioactive spider!
Pudranse scientists
"Phase III of blind self-confidence"
We're good, we're good man, come on man!
Good work!
Start that shit!
"The fourth stage Damn you motherfuckers"
Keep doing it, keep doing it, you're so fair >
Go McQuaid!
Well, I like it, I like trust
Did you see this?
Come McQuaid, you have this! We have this!
Here we go, here we go, here we go!
McQuaid pick it up, what are you doing?
What are you doing, what? McQuaid!
Don't throw it away idiot!
McQuaid </ b>
Run there!
Come on, let's do this, come on!
No!, don't stop
Come here, don't do that
Not a penis!
"Phase V drowsiness and fatigue" </ b>
Speaking of devil
It's great how you sabotaged that, organized sport is so fascist that it makes me sick!
That's what I do
Ok, shit man, see you
I don't understand this school
Well we stayed up all night doing this, it's amazing, you're going to like it!
All the art was made by Jenko
Captain, sellers are the popular kids, but they're not normal,
are rare guys who eat granola
And they've convinced everyone that they're cool, but they're not
It is the other way around, unnatural and must be stopped
Principal seller: Eric Molsson
Alpha male, seductive, charitable, entered Berkley, early admission
Who put this together? Are you autistic?
It's artistic, sir, because the thing is...
This is a list of suspects...
- ... and this guy...
He was talking to this person...
Cut the crap, I want to know who the drug dealer is
We don't know that's why there's a question mark on his face
Your face certainly doesn't look like this
Infiltrate sellers and catch drug traffickers. Simple!
They seem to have solved the whole case
excellent work, they are burning! They must be...
So proud
- as if you could do better!
Certainly, we've captured a gang that thought they were bullies stealing cars
us while you were standing there sticking your finger up your ass
We weren't sticking our finger up our ass
We were getting things done
I'm actually about to infiltrate a high-tech drug cartel into chemistry class >
You have to say the password
- What?
heavens!
What are you doing? How did you get in here?
The teacher gave us a key so that we can work and play Bakjon
Bakojn?
Let me see, do you have drugs? Let me see
We don't have anything, it's a card game!
- aren't doing anything illegal?
What are you doing here?
- just study
Good because you're too late
- You're late... I'm late.
I know everything
- Really? What's a covalent link?
Fuck you, I don't have to tell you!
didn't want to be gross
But I... I don't think you know everything
I know everything!
Ok
What the fuck do they say about covalent bonds in this school?
They say it's when two atoms share electrons and that helps them stay jute >
I can help you if you want, teach you for the exam
What do you do with those cell phones?
The unblocking, I try to save money for college
you know, so they work in different companies
Could you hear the calls and that?
I can't install spyware or applications to listen through the microphone, I can't do it...
Can you do it?
I can't.
Is it being Sarcastic?
So you can
Comics are popular, environmentalist, tolerant!
If this had happened ten years earlier I would have been the most popular person in the world >
I know, it's bullshit!
Do you know that?...
I know the cause
Glee
Rot Glee
I gotta tell you, this is kind of amazing
I can become popular, I may be popular in this school
We just have to do something wildly irresponsible to earn their trust >
You mean we should have a party?
- I'll invite Molly; and Molly will invite Eric...
And that will be the fastest way to infiltrate the group.
- Wouldn't it be better if we both went out with the popular boys?
The best thing would be for you to go out with the nerds and see what's going on there; that would be the best thing for the case >
I guess it makes sense
Hello
- Hey, did you talk to Molly?
Yes Molly speaking
- Hi, I'm Schmidt
Shh... uh, it's Doug McQuaid
Hello man
It's so strange that you call me
Generally text-only except when an old relative calls
I'm just calling because we're co-starring in this play together
Hello.
- Mom, get off the phone!
Sorry, my Doug, my teenage son
I love my son, Doug McQuaid, Dogi
- Mom, that's enough
Sorry, it's my mother
It overwhelms me with affection
and makes me feel like I'm five years old
Wow, you like to share, I like that
Well I'm 18 years old and my mother still makes me lunch
There was a month in which I bought 43 stuffed animals
The doctor thought I was going to spontaneously get a vagina
it didn't happen to me, I just clarify
Maybe because you already had one
Exactly </ b>
But you don't need two vaginas, you just don't
- Although, you could use one to save coins
My father gave me one before he left us
Just kidding!
It's a strange joke, I thought your father had actually abandoned them
My father if he left us,
but he didn't leave me a doll
only broken dreams
... Well, I think I'd say to that... uh...
Good...
...There are good men out there
And you must not let... that an experience...
Take the good memories... God!
Are you stuck?
I'm sorry if I upset you
It's not just that I don't like it when men are mean to women
Well, thank you
- A normal change of subject...
in fact, there will be a party next weekend
You should come, you, Eric, and so on
Do you mind if I post on Facebook?
Ok, if... in fact I'm going to have to call you back
Well, see you at school...
you are a great person... What the fuck are you doing?
Having a party?
What?
-There are rumors...
...on Twitter
And if any of my agents is surprised...
giving alcohol to minors; you will find yourself in prison
With a snorkel stuck to the mouth
And I'm shitting on the other end
It's a very vivid image, thank you
You're the best, Oh, God
We love you, enjoy the trip
- I can't believe they did this for us
I love you since when do you say I love you to my mom?
I said it because I'm in my character
We seem to be siblings
Wait, how are we going to buy alcohol
I don't have a false ID.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Jaaja
How are we going to get drugs for the party?
Oh, no... haha
"evidence room"
we have a kilo of cocaine
A pound of marijuana?
The best party ever!
This is the compost
For a brilliant idea of my brilliant brother
That I love so much
Y
Let's be the best!
- Health!
Who invited you?
I did it, the party is here!
<Where's Eric? He's not here.
- do we have enough fries?
Was this in the playlist?
What are you talking about?
- It's just that nobody's dancing
What do you do?
It's my mother's vase.
- I got it, I got it
Doug hey!
- Hello, welcome
Welcome to my party
Thank you for inviting us... Known?
Hey, there's Eric, wait for the signal
Then you come in, with a big tan...
- What, jajaj
Welcome Eric, how are you
Wow, I really like the decor
Yes, our parents are really...
Beware of...
- You guys even see Eric?
Wait, I'm sorry Eric
Sorry, my brother sucks
I'm leaving... There's no handsome boy here
No, no, no. They just arrived, just
Let me give you a tour
Come on! We did it! We can do this, as fast as you can
Give me the SIM card, the SIM
- The SIM
Are you drunk? Have you ever been drunk before?
Give me this!
-Can we get some bitches up here? 'cause we're just boys here
It's my parents' room
What was the girl in the back doing?
Other!
We have to go, you know how it is
- If you tell me.
You're going, now
If yes, you are extracting now
- Is it now or never, is it soon or not?
"Please wait extracting data...
- Oh shit they're gonna find us
... If wonderful
See you later Thanks for everything
Hey what's up?
Why are you here Scott? No party in your high school?
Nahhh
I heard you guys had a party with a new thing
I wanted to know if you could connect me and my boys and I wanted to get into that >
I'm not overwhelmed with orders so
- I wasn't asking for permission
Wo, wo wo
tomato five, I have this
I have this
Hey player, I don't know who you are.
- You don't have to worry about who I am >
Oh I'm worried, because you're at my party, this is my temple
This is where I come to find peace; and you come here
And you come here like an emotional bullet
Metaphorically breaking the bases and messing with mine
And I'm like, What Scott? What? Scott what? What do you have Scott.
Do you want to fight?
- If man,
In fact it started to get hot in here -Oh if it's hot
- It's like seven strangers living in a house, it's real!
Want to fight? Come on!
What was that? You heard it
Real enough for you?
Schmidt?.... He Doug
- What should I do?
Stick
Shit, Eric, what the fuck did you do to him?
Normal fight!
I'll kill you!
Really?
Use your words! use your words!
Beware of my mother's vase! no, you're going to throw the vase >
Fuck this!
Oh shit!
That was crazy
When was I stabbed?
It's fantastic!
That's a cop?
No, it is not
I'm so glad we're coming back for my phone, I just hope I don't wake up Schmidt
Oh my God, he's a cop now! It's like living with a milico
That boy in an angel
Take it out... take it out...
if... let's have a drink...
Annie, I don't know.
Are you kidding?
Sorry, mom, sorry
I do crazy things like this all the time
Dude, you're so in!
I like you
What do you think about making some extra money?
Whatever it is, I'm in
That's the way it is, I can't sell all this on my own
But I'm only bringing in people I like
If you're doing well maybe we'll let you in on what we're doing; introduce you to our provider. How does that sound?
It's okay with me
- My friend!
Hey, thanks again for the party
Let's go!
"I like the penis"; do you think that's funny?
What kind of wild animal draws a penis in the mouth of an 8-year-old boy?
It's probably an airplane vomiting
<Do you think I don't know that's a penis and balls? I know all about penises and balls!
They will wash the clothes, cut the grass, clean the dishes...
Friend, I have a surprise for you; yesterday at the party I picked up Eric's phone...
and had Zack install a monitoring program
So we can hear everything that little bastard says - I don't know if it's a good idea
What?
What if I discovered you?
- But it worked, this is the smartest thing I've done so far
...so why are you mad at me?
- I'm not mad at you, I'm glad you have something to do.
Good!
Excellent work, Schmidt
I'm wonderful
Password?
<Kneel before my idiot!
- You can come in.
What happens to that listening?
- We're about to go outside and see what explodes,
Listening is not super urgent, right?
Not able to think and make sense
Granada!
<Yeah! That's what I'm talking about. I love this science shit, this is what they do all day?
Let's do it again
Now text Molly?
Eh?... what?... me.... Molly... Perhaps
- Hey, it's okay, man!
I am not a male chauvinist who marks a woman, that is if we do it sometimes, but it is not a thing...
It's, I don't know; but I don't believe in possession, do you understand?
I get it, I definitely get it
Schmidt!
I'll be right back!
How are you? How's my favorite cop?
Your mother told me you were undercover
Now is not a good time
are you undercover now?
- Yeah, and you're ruining the mission.
Those are delinquents? oh my god this is so exciting!
I heard Jenko is your partner
Let's see what this is about
I swear I'll punch you in the face!
Hey, man
She was trying to grab my penis!
She was "or my god, I need to grab, I need to fill my hands with penis...
...And I get out of here!
We have to get out of here!
"Don't wait for me, I went out with Eric"
They go out almost every night so it's half fair
You're so lucky your parents don't give a shit!
This place is amazing!
Hey, how are you?
Wow that's a bigger hug than I expected!
I'm happy to see you
Me too
Hello
I brought heels so...
Hey guys!
That's not a planet.
- It's a planet, for sure!
Pluto is a planet!
Ready
I'm embarrassed, I feel exposed
Well, well, well...
The microphone is functional and we can hear how the other half lives.
What are you doing?!
Listen to something!
Can I ask you something?
<I just wanted to make sure that you and Eric are going to be careful about whatever you're doing.
If I promise, we will be
It would suck if something bad happened...
..because you're a good guy.
- Yeah, I feel the same way about you,
only in girl version, because you're a girl.
I am.
That's why I wore this dress, to remind you
Are you excited about the work?
Yes
- If you're completely on it
Does that make me super nerd?
- No, not at all
That effeminate, has no chance with her
So...
- You're on the dance committee, you think it'll be fun?
Did she bring up the dance theme on her own?
- He did it!
What is she doing?
- I think it'll be amazing.
Dance sucks!
- Okay, anyone who says dance sucks is because they secretly like it.
Who are we going with? Nobody wants to go with us
Imagine it! They appear in a terrible white limousine...
...with two terrible girls, dressed in the best with your friends
Pigeons come out behind you... in slow motion!
Pigeons? Why pigeons?
Because pigeons make you look like a hood
I'm a bit skeptical, but maybe if someone asks me for fun... I'd give in.
Not that I know of
You?.... - It's gonna get stuck, it's always stuck, wait for it
...so...so....
...you...
...maybe?
That's the real sound of getting stuck.
I...
...I was wondering
...if you
... you might want to go
with me to the dance Would you like to go with me to the dance?
if
I'd love to go with you
What? She said yes!
Well done Doug
Thank you for inviting me
I'm putting it there
Wow you guys are giving me problems... what happened...
Resolve a discussion...
you and your brother, they're not twins, they look totally different
Adopted; we suspect from a very bad family >
Where is he tonight?
- At home, probably with those dummies he goes out with >
They saw how Tom Criuse is always angry with Rainman?
that's my life...
only Brad is bad at math.
Your brother's a jerk
Yes, the...
is not?
don't listen to what it says
I don't give a shit.
Eric is the funniest guy...
Hello guys
it's so funny to see them here
How are you? Guess what, I don't care
We just closed our third case
And look what we found at Kennedy School...
It looks like we'll do your job
Failed to stop spreading
And they have no clues; we're out of time
You either find the provider or you echo!
I understand what you're saying, but yesterday I heard Eric on the phone with someone...
... that sounded very suspicious about an encounter and a piñata >
Is that some code about sex?
Piñata? Really?
- If
Remember Eric's microphone intervention?
While you were having the best time of your life I listened
and I heard something about a piñata.
That's all you heard?
If
I'm so nervous! We're about to open in front
to the whole school!
I apologize in advance in case I vomit you up on stage
Serious question! ...How do I look?
dazzling!
Is it too sexy?
Let's see if you can get your leg out a little...
Yes it is!
It will be so much easier having you on stage with me!
I'm so happy to meet you, you're the only guy I can trust
Yes, that's me
Doug
potassium nitrate
Don't hate it
Useful
can act as an oxidizer, I didn't know but now I'm wiser
has a crystallized structure
if you can't respect that, you're an idiot
It's a key element in gunpowder
no penalty
and can be used to make cornbeef
is also known as salt peter
Brad?
Where are you going?
I don't want to look like I'm wearing...
Hello
What are you wearing?
- is for presentation on potassium nitrate
I need to borrow from you
- It's not a good time, Brad
Is there a code about sex?
You are leaving the car park
- Piñata?
Molly
I'll be right back, I need to help Brad with something...
<I need to help Brad with something.
- What?
I promise...
- What? Don't you understand how important this is?
I promise I'll be back on time
- What?
Are you kidding?
What did I say? See? Whose microphone is working now?
Shit !
you said not to worry about the fines
I thought it made us look good
Let's take that car
I drive - no, you won't!
- I never get to drive
Hello guys
Now it's our turn
- Let's go!
O puta madre
- It can't be
These are the park types
- This is too much
What do you think is in that thing?
I don't know, money or drugs, they can be new buyers
Or they can be the suppliers
- If it's good you'll hear from me
And if it's not good you'll hear from me telling you that it's not good - Makes sense
Get out of here
- If you don't worry
See you
We must follow them and find out what's inside
get down, get down!
What are you doing?
- If they see us like you're sucking my dick
What? no
- Yes!
- do you like you suck my dick
Why do I have to pretend to suck your dick?
Because you're in a fucking Peter Pan suit !
All right
Ok, we will follow them, but we have to be...
at school before 30 minutes for opening
Hey, did you just use the driving instructor's brake?
- Yeah, you're going too close
It'll look even more suspicious if I stay behind
Let me do my thing, I know what I'm doing
Really? if you do it again I will hit you in the balls!
Take your foot off the brake
- No
<Shit, shit, look what you did!
- What you did!
Close the door, close the door! Are you kidding?
It's a school car!
<Oh, my God.
- Instructions before driving -
ahhhhhhh
My God, look what we did
Let me drive!
Stop touching the wheel, take your hands off the wheel!
We're stuck!
- Shit, they're coming!
My God, what do we do!
Shit... shit... shit...
What are you doing? Run!
I can't, I'm wearing tights
- I have tight jeans, they're the same thing
Porsche, Porsche - Police, get out of the car!
- Get out of the clown car!
That's right!
Go to sleep! See! You're dead son of a bitch!
Shoot! Throw him something.
- I don't know, there's nothing.
Do you have the golf balls and that?
- What am I supposed to do with this?
"Flammable GAS"
Beware, it's going to explode!
What happened?
- I don't know, I don't exploit
That's rare
Can anyone tell me where my Peter is?
Finch, you are not my first choice but I need you to log in as Peter
Great, I've been in character for months.
- Great, nobody cares
Come on! Another trancadera!
I'm sorry I didn't check traffic before I got into a chase
Come on! Go, go
"Where the fuck are you?"
Are you sending a text message?
- No, I'm not
It looks like you're doing it.
- No, I don't
"I'll be there soon"
I drive!
How do you jump on a car like that?
Hi, how are you?... God, you're beautiful
You're so cute, don't worry someone will pick you up
Standby
Here they come!
- Why don't you send them a message so they won't chase us
Shit
<He's got a gun, I'm gonna throw this at him!
- You don't have to tell me everything you're gonna do!
"Flammable" </ b>
"Oil & Naphtha"
It will explode! - Close the windows
- What did that help?
I really thought that was going to explode
Search the glove compartment for a gun
- What are you talking about? We're in a pink beetle!
I don't care, search!
What the hell?
Shoot him!
- Shit... shit... shit... shit...
That explosion?
That was crazy
Why didn't you let me shoot?
You weren't shooting, you got stuck! so I had to save us
I was shooting, I was pointing; you always do this!
Just take me to school
If I miss the play, Molly will get mad and won't go to the dance with me >
Are you serious?
You had to bring me late!
You are selfish
- Am I selfish?
Are you kidding? Look at you! >
You are too involved...
yesterday I found an application for admission to the University on your desk
I don't know how long this case will last and Eric will enter Berkley and honestly I could enter too >
could be medical or something
Have you lost your mind? You ruined this investigation.
At least I know my rights, you idiot!
"You are a very foolish man"
I know I missed the first scenes, I want to thank Fitz for covering for me
Fuck Doug!
I just have to wear this thing, eh
He's my twin, we're together...
What are you doing? Are you out of your mind?
What is this?
- I don't know, but it's more exciting now.
You're embarrassing me
I'll compensate you
Let's fly!...
This is so idiotic!
Not finished
<Do you think I'm stupid?
- Let me
I should do something, I probably should...
not only stay here watching
Molly, I'm sorry
I never want to talk to you
I'm sorry
Your stupid idiot!
Laughing at me behind my back, everyone laughing at me
Son of a bitch
This invitation to me
I heard you called me rainman, asshole!
Doug is a cocksucker
You were supposed to be my friend.
- Stop! You're expelled!
both
And that's the end of the second act
That's it? Won't he yell at us?
No
I'll only fire them
Leaving?
if
Do you know what's crazy?...
I thought we were really siblings
would have taken a bullet for you
Come in, now! Both of you.
Why should?
Just get in the car!
- Get in the fucking car!
Not until you get it right
Please enter auto
Come on, come on, hurry up!
Some fucked-up stuff happened yesterday
After the exchange,
Our potential partners were followed by some fucking cops!
That's crazy! Are you serious?
I don't want to go to jail
Because you know what happens to a handsome man like me in prison
Death would be better for me
I can't let it happen >
So I got these at my father's armoury
Eric calm down
Springfield Armory .45, military grade, very powerful
Have you ever used one?
No, we're not gun people
I'm surprised to know that about you
your taste in music
The fact that 40 year old lights
But after that shit in the play
I realized
Impossible that you are police
This business is happening... the supplier will be there, I need people I can trust
Well well, around here, let's shoot the cans, practice.
That was very good
- Beginner's luck
Well, the supplier wants the business to be in the dance
they'll all be heavy there, but as long as you've got my back...
What do you think?
- Don't doubt it!
It's time to get our jobs back
Let's get ready for the dance!
Time to perform tasks
Mom we don't have time to do the tasks!
If they live in this house they have time
How is this?
It will be faster if I help you
There you go
Thank you
Your shotgun hangs very low...
... will be seen
Thank you
jenko
Would you go to the dance with me?
I guess
Will we really disarm a drug operation on our own?
I have some contacts that will help us
Brad, what are you doing here? You shouldn't be here
this is wrong... this is right,...
...I'm so happy you're doing this for me; you have to go; you have to go >
For, for...
Stay! Stay
Get out of the concert
Go!... stay!
What?..
I'm gonna throw up...
You're so attractive!
<Hey, Doug, I'm so mad at you, dance with me.
- Are you high?
What if I am?
Molly serious things are about to happen
<and I don't want you to get hurt.
- I've already been hurt, Doug, I don't care >
You have to go, you have to go now!
Making a lot of hand gestures
Well, my real name is Schmidt no Doug and I'm a cop
I'm undercover
and I care about you and I don't want you to get caught >
so get out of here
Molly is serious
hey
At the penthouse now, the provider waits
Let's wait
Molly vete ahora
<Mr. Walters.
Welcome Berad the handsome
And his brother </ b>
Wow, you look amazing.
- Are you the provider? Are you a teacher
And I was stuck with teacher's salary
barely paid the mortgage
You guys are so good at this
Yes, we are getting such good evidence >
I stole some of that chemistry lab equipment
I threw some things at him and it was "very delicious"
Then I saw this environmental clown smoking a joint behind the gym
and I said, do you want to make some money?
It's a good deal
I hurt my hands
Dog
Shit
You look very imposing!
How many of you are there?
It's in the bag
- That patch looks good
Thank you
They'll recognize us
He's Walter, he invented the thing
Nice to meet you.
- I don't give a shit about his name
Your shit is good
- Thank you, that means a lot coming from you
We're having a party? Who are those motherfuckers
Hello how are you
All right man, they're my boys
I don't like strangers
Everyone is a stranger until you give them a chance
What the fuck are you talking about?
I'm just fucking around, do your thing... proceed
Hey, come here! Did I see you before? Family lights
yo?
I was in a potato chip commercial when I was a kid
People usually tell me "I think I know you," but not
Do I seem to eat French fries?
- I don't know, lights up big
But maybe you cheat on your diet, you know once a day or something...
No
- Yeah, it was something like that
That's the watermelon you order
Who wants a piece
Open up, whatever your name is! you lied to me
I'm gonna kill you, you fucking cop
Hey guys just called me fucking penis, that's rude
Stupid police son of a bitch!
Did she say black dick head? That's racist!
I know these two, they're cops
Police, on the floor!
Drop your weapons
- We order it first
I don't care who the fuck started it.
- Are you fucking cops?
We partyed together
You bought us tacos!
Eric, honestly that was a sincere gesture
You made me this friendship bracelet
I wasn't your friend, I pretended all the time
That's a fake bracelet
<I'm gonna cut this bracelet, I hate you motherfucker.
- Fucking son of a bitch
to him also
No, I'm with you guys, I didn't know you were cops!
Molly
- Oh there you are...>
What the fuck?
Put your guns down or I'll scatter your brains over the carpet
I don't know, I try to help, I never did this shit!
Take your guns or she's dead
She already looks dead!
- What?... no, no
I can hear you breathe
she's off the drugs, we're fine
Drop your weapons
- All right, just calm down
We'll throw them away but...
you must let the kids go without harming them
Throw them on the floor and throw them here
Shoot these motherfuckers
Or come on it's not fair! we drop our weapons in good faith, you're a liar
and you're evil
I didn't say that
- We're all friends
Let's put our guns down and be friends
You guys are stupid
Oh, God, we'll die
We will die
Devils
Tom Hans DEA
On your knees, now!
- What the fuck
now </ b>
Doug Pinhall DEA
Drop your weapons, everybody!
Throw them away, throw them away
- Great, great
You idiots ruined a five-year investigation - We didn't know, you're a great actor
You played the saxophone at my sister's wedding!
Titi, change I slept with her
What </ b>
You fools know how difficult it is...
which is to infiltrate a band like this?
See this nose
This is a false nose
You want to wear a fake nose for months
with glue and shit
We had to get tattoos on our penises
In fact I only said that to bother you
What? You look good! >
We know what it's like to be undercover
We are from Jump Street Metropolitan Police
- Come on, are you Jump Street?
It's fun, we were Jump Street
Oh, my God
- Oh, shit!
Sons of bitches
Shoot him
motherfucker
That was a weapon
- They're shots
Good </ b>
Take the money we go from here
Did I hit anything?
you were shooting at the ceiling
Doug I know I was mean to you sometimes
I just don't feel good about myself
Even with the clothes you wore
was just for people to think I was cool
... The only approval
... who needed
was my best friend
Let's go!
The money is gone!
We have to get out of here
- You want to tell me something?
Let's do this!
- Let's make a baby
What? What are you talking about?
- I don't know, I don't know
That was crazy, you killed a guy!
Motherfucker!
For the dance, go!
Go, go
Where did they go </ b>
Molly
Do you want to drive
- Yes, I want to
- Yes!!
- Did it look good? Did I?
Shoot him!
- Stay close!
Oh friend, come here with me!
Because I feel lonely
- What does this girl want - I don't know -
You have a gun, why don't you shoot?
Shoot that gun... shoot that gun...
You drive
- Shoot someone bitch
I got you, give me my money!
Fuck that! I can't...
I'm supposed to go to Berkeley
Let's start the party... let's start the party...
No, no, low
Now I dream that I'm drunk in a limousine
That son of a bitch killed my drink... what, I'm trying to party!
Shit, shit
Do you want it?
Stop, enough
I'm not kidding!
trying to shoot!
you're really sexy and you're drunk, and it's amazing
But I have to shoot someone now
You think I'm sexy?
Gosh </ b>
Call me! tell me where we are then
I'm almost out of ammunition
come closer
I have an idea!
Do you still have those shotgun cartridges?
Yes, what are you going to do?
Li ion batteries will react with potassium nitrate
And that would be a covalent sibling bond; when two atoms...
share electrons
That makes them stick
You say we have a covalent bond?
- No, we are not atoms
What is this? Tequila?
I don't know, it was supposed to explode
Shit
Where did you learn to do that?
- AP chemical, bitch!
Come with me Molly
Molly! Don't move!
- Don't move
Drop your weapon
Don't take that arm out!
No!
You don't seem to have ammunition, you idiot!
Come here!
That's the way it is!
Nobody move! or she'll get hurt
Good
-Eric help me!
Well, don't move!
Come with me, let's go
Ey, ey ey ey
- No, no, don't move
What the fuck, you shot him!
God are you okay? You shot him and you son of a bitch!
No, no, no, it was not my intention
Are you okay? You took a bullet for me!
Yeah, I feel a little sorry about that now
I told you not to move
you heard it true?
Eric, you heard me, I said don't move
you have this!
Your place </ b>
<-==- proudly presents
<-==- Proudly Presents
You messed with high school son of a bitch
Shit!
I shot him in the dick!
- You shot me in the dick!
God
You are under arrest
You have the right to remain silent </ b>
Anything you say can be used against you in court </ b>
You have the right to a lawyer, if you cannot afford a lawyer
A trade will be appointed for you
Fuck you!
We did it
- It feels so good!
We </ b>
You're a rock star!
Do you feel that?
You're a capo! You shot him in the dick!
I've never seen that before! Who does that?
I'm sorry I called you rainman
I know I'm not telling you
But you're smart, considerate,
...and sincere
sweet and loyal!
and I adore you
hit the five?
Auch! my hand
Are you okay? Do you want to go to the hospital?
Yes, we should call someone!
- If we should call someone to sew my penis
Shut your mouth
It's not funny
- Is that the penis?
That's my penis!
Pick up my penis, please!
I'm not lifting your penis
It's my friend.
They don't serve vegetarian in jail, bitch!
<-==- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
Molly
I'm really sorry
I know you wanted someone you could trust...
and wanted to be me
disappoints you in many ways
And </ b>
It's good that you're mad at me
You should get mad at more people
You deserve a guy who doesn't lie to you, and who's nice to you
You shouldn't settle for less
There are good boys
Who aren't cretins like me
Thanks for saving my life, asshole
Put it there, mate
I'll be back later
We're at the end of Hard to Kill now, but it's our real life
The first or the second </ b>
The 3
Sam Jackson style
Boom, motherfuckers, come on!
Here's the captain, here he is!
A hug
Congratulations vigilant motherfuckers
They got their first arrest
Look, I've got something for you
Sufficient; new allocation
Because you cowboys like alcohol
smoking marijuana
and fuck anything with ass and low self-esteem
I'll send them to a place where that's legal
I love Disney!
- You bitches are going to college
Yes!
- No!
<-==- proudly presents
"Abou Chedid-translation" I hope you like it modified: Hamada </ b>